Farenheit presents
Blip Blup... on a real phone!
To select any tile of the phone, jump on it
Jump on any grey tile to start a pulse of color
Fill all grey tiles to solve puzzles
A pulse spreads out in all directions
Walls block pulses from spreading color
Arrows relect your pulse in the direction they point
These tiles alternate between a wall and a grey tile upon impact with a pulse
Death tiles cause death :D
Some tiles require multiple pulses to be colored
Don't forget that for each level you have a limited number of pulses!
Now you have learned enough to complete this minigame... but will you beat all 60 levels?
You finished all the levels and you have nothing better to do?
Try the level editor!
(It should be pretty intuitive)
I almost forgot... you can also choose the number of pulses!
Download in description!